Convert old input file blocks in the analysisguide to yaml (#910)
4C-multiphysics/4C: doc/documentation/src/analysis_guide/preprocessing.rst

There are not so many means to create a valid input file. At this point, we know of the following
different ways to create an input file. In general, you'll have two options:

> #. Either you create the input file in |FOURC|'s native yaml format directly,
> #. or you create an input file in a general binary format for finite element information, called ``Exodus II``, develeloped by `Sandia National Laboratories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Either you create the mesh in |FOURC|'s native format directly,
#. or you create an mesh file in a general binary format for finite element information, called ``Exodus II``, develeloped by `Sandia National Laboratories
```

However, the preprocessor should be capable of exporting a file format, which can be converted
by the python toolset meshio (see <https://pypi.org/project/meshio/>) into an exodus file.

.. admonition:: Warning

>     The exodus file that is exported by meshio can currently not read in by |FOURC| directly!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |FOURC| currently cannot read EXODUS files exported by meshio!
```

Please always spell the `exodus` file format as `EXODUS` (see #598).
